Yevamot
Chapter 1
Could a man's brother from a father side marry his half sister from mother's side?  If the brother dies, she is an ervah but not in the list of 15?

What did I mean here:

{"idea":"The obligation to peform yibum falls only on brothers who share a father. A man's half sisters from a mother's side is considered an ervah.", 
"source": "Yevamot 1:1"},

Just to confirm, if one of the brothers has an ervah among the co-wives but the others do not, then they are not all free.  Someone has to do chalitzah or Yibum, right?



Chapter 2

-  Is a man prevented from marrying the sister of someone with whom he once had a zikuk bond?  
-  Can a man marry the sister of someone with whom he did chalitzah? How about if the woman with whom he had a chalitzah is now dead?
-  If two brothers have a zikuk bond with a woman and one performs chalitzah with her, can the second brother marry that woman's sister while she is still alive? I think Yevamot 2:7 says yes because the third brother is marrying. 

-  If an agent testifies that he saw a get signed and written overseas, we know he may not marry the divorcee.  But if they marry are they forced to divorce?

Chapter 3
-  Does the zikuk bond have to be simultaneous for the prohibition to kick in or can you have a temp zikuk with one and then a temp zikuk with the other to enact the prohibition?
-  Why are the brothers forced to divorce the sisters in 3:1 if the zikuk bond has already been broken?  
-  One sister is an ervah to one brother in 3:2, so he can marry the other.  Why cant the other brother now marry the remaining sister since the zikuk bond has been broken?
-  Here we are assuming all the marriages were biblical right?
- Woah is the man who sends off which wife?  The woman with whom he did maamar and her sister. 

-  What is you have 3 bros, 2 married to 2 sisters, and one to a stranger.  One of the sister's husbands dies.  The 3rd bro does maamar with the sister.  He dies.  The first brother is not
fully bound to his ervah, so is the stranger woman the co-wife of an ervah?  I think no. Agreed in part 2 of 3:6

-  when a woman falls to a man for yibum but is an ervah, do all of her future co-wives become forbidden to that man?

-  In the case where a woman falls to two brothers, one does maamar and dies before yibum, the last brother must to chalitzah with her and her co-wife. If she had multiple co-wives, does he do chalitzah with her and ONE OF the co-wives?

Chapter 4
-  What is the real difference between hillel and shammai in terms of maamar?
-  If a woman awaits yibum, can she sell the ketubah payment?  Or does not not get it until a resolution?  Does she get it with chalitzah?
-  If a man does chalitzah and then dies, can the chalutzah marry his brother or his grandson/father?
-  Is the ban on marrying the co-wives of chalutzah's close sister, the same as the ban on marrying co-wives of an ervah?  Would shammai allow it?
-  Is kiddushin valid on a close relative of a yevamah?  Kiddushin is biblical and strength of zikuk is rabbinical? 
-  Is the younger brother performing kiddushin with sister of yevamah the tanna or is it a quote to one rabbi?
-  Why doesn't kiddushin cancel the yibum bond with the sister of his fiance?  Why does kiddushin work when there is a yibum bond with the sister?
- Is R Yehuda the same as ben Beseira
-  MIshna doesnt say explicitly that marrying divorced, chalutzah, or relative or chalutzah is punishable by karet according to akiva


Chapter 5
- {"idea": "If a man does maamar with a woman and then gives her a get, he must still perform chalitzah to free her to marry others."}
- ^^ and her co-wives?
-  {"idea": "If a man gives a get to his yevamah and then does maamar with her, he must free her with chalitzah and also another get.", 
-  ^^ can he do yibum now?  I think no because of the first get. May have broken the bond and may do a prohibition
-  The question of chalitzah/ beilah effective before/ after other acts is about torah vs rabbi.  Is the stance of tanna that rabbi is important?  Why the argument? Does R Nehemya think The torah action cannot be impacted by rabbincal dictates.

Chapter 6
-  Are we saying rape counts?
-  Maamar is less than kidushin?


Chapter 7
-  If daughter of yisroel divorced a kohen husband but has a son, she can eat terumah?
-  Is terumah status only about male offspring status or girls count too?
-  Are we saying there is a situation in 7:5 where a mamzer can eat terumah?

Chapter 9
-  Which marriages that are biblically forbidden still take effect and thus allow for yibum?
-  ->?  {Marriages that are forbidden by not by punishment of karet }
-  9:3 what does it mean we force them to divorce?
-  Which marriages do not take at all?  Are they all punishable by karet?
-  So does pregnancy disqualify both a kohen married married to a Yisrael and a yisrael married to a kohen?  Do they need kids for it to disqualify?
-  Are we talking about pregnancy without marriage in these cases? Or only pregancy after death of husband?
-  Can they eat from the threshing floor after pregnancy or full marriage is complete?

Chapter 10
- If a man divorces his wife and then she dies, do the kids they had together typically inherit her stuff?
- The husband's rights to lost property, profit, and cancellation of vows is before the get or after?
- If she has two witnesses, does she not need a court to authorize it?
-  When these woman leave their new husbands which were forbidden, do they need a get?  
- Is 10:4 based on one witness the man remarried?
- Is adultery not karet? For a woman who cheats on husband AND a man who marries wife's sister?
-  The man stays married to the sister after learning the original wife was alive but later died?  Even if they had a mamzer?
-  What is it about wife's sister that doesnt allow the marriage to go through but woman committing adultery DOES allow it?
- SO is nine year old yibum biblical or not??  Is it legit or not?

Chapter 11
-  nephew and uncle's certain brothers of 11:4.... the uncles certain brother must do yibum with one AND chalitzah with the other to ensure they are both free, right?
-  If uncertain son's half brother performs chalitzah and the other does not want to perform yibum, must he also perform chalitzah to free her for sure?
- if the uncertain son may be a kohen, he has to marry a woman fit for kohen, but is their kid a halal for sure?

Chapter 12
- UNderage girl doing chalitzah is not free as an adult?  If she never did miun? Is not allowed to kohen?

Chapter 13
- Shammai thinks expert judges or laymen for miun?
- Is kiddushin accepted biblically for a minor?
-  Is Chanina ben Antignos talking about the mother/ brother case only?  Is antignos the antignos or another? They keeping that name alive?
- Does Eliezer think the rabbincal decree is not valid at all or it is just a weak marriage? For him, married to a kohen does not eat terumah.  Is she forever banned from eating it now?  She is a zona?
-  What happens to the ketubah with miun?
-  If man remarries but woman does not, is he still permitted to remarry the woman?
-  Are we saying that divorce with a minor girl is NOT biblically recognized?  In the other chapter, it said a man could divorce her with a get. 
-  does rabbi eliezer want the minor and the woman who was previously divorced to do chalitzah?  I think so. 
-  Gamiliel would agree with Eliezer if the rabbinical marriage was a deaf mute? He would take Yehoshua's position in that case, maybe. 
-  Gamliel think there is NO thing as a zikuk bond even when it is only one brother?  He is allowing the marriage to the other sister.  
-  Maybe Yehushua agrees with shammai that no miun after nisuin?
- Not marrying the sister of a woman who you gave a get is rabbinical or biblical?
-  IN 13:8-9 is cohabitation equal to chalitzah?
-  When the marriage are disqualified, do they both need gets?
-  When we disqualify are both disqualified?
-  When the rabbis dont force chalitzah after 30 days, is she free to go with a get even if she says they did not cohabit?

Big Topics
-  Yibum/ Chalitzah
-  ervahs
-  maamar
-  miun
- Property Inheritance
-  ketuba, tson barzel, melog properties
-  Sanctity of Kehunah
-  Terumah rights
-  Difference/ Similarity between divorce and chalitzah
